Our company MultiHeat develops and manufactures heat pumps for family homes. The goal of the company is to provide the most energy-efficient heating solution on the market. The problem that hinders reaching the high-level goal is that the energy consumption of the current product version is too high. This high-level goal can be divided into two sub-goals: sub-goal 1 is to minimize the energy consumption of the heat pump, and sub-goal 2 is to produce the remaining energy required by the heat pump with the integrated photovoltaic module. There is a constraint related to sub-goal 2: the maximum energy production of the photovoltaic module is 50 kWh. Sub-goal 1 also can be refined into two sub-goals: sub-goal 11 is to develop a new heat extractor with very low energy consumption, and sub-goal 12 is to re-design the existing heat extractor by adapting it for a new refrigerant. Sub-goal 11 and sub-goal 12 are alternate sub-goals, i.e., only one of them has to be reached to reach sub-goal 1. The problem that hinders sub-goal 11 is the short period available for the development and the problem that hinders sub-goal 12 is that new refrigerants are very expensive. 
In the company, the role of the product owner for the heat pump “Smart-Heat” is responsible for the product innovation process and also has the responsibility to reach the goal of the most energy-efficient heating solution. The product owner works in the product development department, an organisational unit of MultiHeat. The role of product designer also works in the product development department, which is another organizational unit of MultiHeat. The product designer is responsible for the sub-goal of minimizing the energy consumption of the heat pump. MultiHeat has three more organizational units: the marketing department, the social media group, and the print media group. The print media group and the social media group are both part of the marketing department. The printing press is a resource of the MultiHeat that belongs to the print media department.